Being able to set a default configuration for X is pretty awesome.
But what if you actually don't want to use the same base your for your entire application but only four
parts of it and for other parts you have a different Eurail and the same of course for the headers and
so on.
In such a case you can do a half measure by creating a cool feature provided by X-ists which is called
instances.
Let me create a new file.
EXISTE Arjay as in the source folders.
So on the same level as the index Cheras fall there I will import x years from the actual package and
on ex-U.S. we can execute a special create function or method to be precise or store the result in a
constant which I've named instance.
And again I use X-ists create.
Now this creates a instance of X years like a copy of the Xs object you could say and you can create
multiple such copies.
Now here are all paths of Java's could object to configure this and set the base you are l and I'll
grab that base.
You're all set up in the root configuration.
Now when X is Chase fall I will simply set this up your.
And now a word commented out in the next chair as follows.
Now if that we got one part of the whole thing but we're not finished.
We now get to our own Xs instance and you could of course create multiple instances in different files
for different parts of your application.
I will show you how to use these instances in a second.
Now by default the instance your will also assume the default set up your butt override anything which
it sets up in the instance itself.
For example I could leave the authorization had are being set up here.
But I also want to set it up for my own instance.
So after creating the instance where we can assign the base your l.
Now for the letters I replace X defaults with instance defaults Hatteras common and so on.
And now here I can set this two off token from instance to override it for all requests which are sent
using this instance.
Now we have to export this instance as the fall defaults and we can use an Abra Foz and now let me show
you how to use it.
That saying the block container where we use X years to get all the block posts.
Lets say we no longer import exis from the axioms package but we set these X years variable here are
a constant to our x' instance by pointing to that file where we export that instance as the default.
You can of course also named as x' instance or what ever you want.
I'll leave X's here so that I don't have to adjust my code down there.
Make sure to save all the files and if you then go back to your application it should still work fine.
Now you will notice one thing though you no longer see the interceptor printing the log for the request
which was sent and the response which was fetched because the interceptor was set up for the global
access object which we're not using anymore here in the block container if I now try to post some post
we even get an error because now you are Ellas incorrect because I remove dbase your L from the index
file.
I commented it out and put it into my instance which I'm only using in a block container though everywhere
else in my application I'm still importing the actual package itself.
So I could of course also comment the default base you're in again so that we are able to use the actual
package with it's default but also use our own instance in places where we want to use our application
to override some of the settings for the places where we use that instance instead of the default object.
And now we get the best of both worlds.
We got our own instance configured for fetching all posts but for posting a post we use the default
package again.
So that is why we also still see our interceptors working here.
And of course we could also add interceptors to our IN own instance you can simply use instance interceptors
request just like you did it for the default instance to default axes object.
I wanted to show you this because being able to use instances can give you the flexibility you need
in your application.
It allows you to control in detail in which part of your app you want to use which default settings
and awesome feature and something which rounds up this module where you hopefully get a good understanding
about how you sent HTP requests and how does X use package can give you a lot of nice convenience features.